Add info about db communication to readme (#58)
husarion/rosbot_ros: README.md

### `rosbot_controller`
ROS2 hardware controllers configuration for ROSbots.

## ROS API

Available in [ROS_API.md](./ROS_API.md)

## Usage on hardware

> To run the software on real ROSbot 2, also communication with Digital Board will be necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the software on real ROSbot 2R, 2 PRO, also communication with the CORE2 will be necessary.
```
